Add EnvVarSecret (#1683)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/core/concepts/secrets.md

# Secrets

## Overview

Very often, workflows require sensitive information to run: API keys, passwords, tokens, credentials, etc. As a matter of best practice, such information should never be hardcoded into a workflow's source code, as the code itself will need to be guarded. Furthermore, sensitive information should not be provided via a Prefect `Parameter`, because Parameters, like many tasks, can have their results stored.

> Prefect provides a mechanism called `Secrets` for working with sensitive information. `Secrets` are a special kind of task; they may be instantiated and used as the input to any other task. However, `Secret` tasks differ from regular tasks in two ways:

Reviewer: I think you might want to have two sections here:
- one for secret tasks, as you already have
- one for Secrets (the non-task version), which are what you'd need inside result handlers / state handlers / notification callbacks

- they access sensitive information at runtime

> - they use a special `ResultHandler` to ensure that their results are not serialized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- they use a special `ResultHandler` to ensure that their results are not stored anywhere
```

::: tip Keep secrets secret!
Though Prefect takes steps to ensure that `Secret` objects do not reveal sensitive information, other tasks may not be so careful. Once a secret value is loaded into your flow, it can be used for any purpose. Please use caution anytime you are working with sensitive data.
:::

## Mechanisms

### Local Context

> The base `Secret` class first checks for secrets in local context, under `prefect.context.secrets`. This is useful for local testing, as secrets can be added to context by setting the environment variable `PREFECT__CONTEXT__SECRETS__FOO`, corresponding to `secrets.foo`.

Reviewer: we make an attempt at respecting casing now, so depending on whether this runs on OSX or Windows, it could translate to `secrets.FOO`

### Prefect Cloud

> If the secret is not found in local context, the base `Secret` class queries the Prefect Cloud API for a stored secret. This call can only be made successfully by authenticated Prefect Cloud Agents.

Reviewer: You might want to mention that this fallback only occurs if `config.cloud.use_local_secrets` is `False`
